[CloudPC] Add bulkResize API and pendingResize CloudPC status (#20200)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/cloudpc-bulkresize.md

---
title: "cloudPC: bulkResize"
description: "Bulk resize a set of Cloud PC."
author: "Aria Zhang (yuzhang3)"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "cloud-pc"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# cloudPC: bulkResize

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> Perform bulk resize for a set of [cloudPC](../resources/cloudpc.md) which passed BulkResizePreview (cloudPC: validateBulkResize). If some devices cannot be resized, then they will be marked as resize `failed`, while others will proceed to be `provisioned`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Perform a bulk resize action to resize a group of [cloudPCs](../resources/cloudpc.md) that have successfully passed the BulkResizePreview validation (cloudPC: validateBulkResize). If there are any devices that cannot be resized, they will be labeled as "resize failed," while the remaining devices will be `provisioned` for the resize process.
```

> Perform a bulk resize action to resize a group of [cloudPCs](../resources/cloudpc.md) that have successfully passed the BulkResizePreview validation (cloudPC: validateBulkResize). If any devices cannot be resized, they will be labeled as "resize failed," while the remaining devices will be `provisioned` for the resize process.sss

Reviewer 2: Please revise as:
Perform a bulk resize action to resize a group of [cloudPCs](../resources/cloudpc.md) that have successfully passed [validation](cloudpc-validatebulkresize.md). If any devices cannot be resized, the response will indicate `resize failed`. The remaining devices will be `provisioned` for the resize process.

## Permissions

One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type|Permissions (from least to most privileged)|
|:---|:---|
|Delegated (work or school account)|CloudPC.ReadWrite.All|
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account)|Not supported.|
|Application|CloudPC.ReadWrite.All|

## HTTP request

<!-- {
  "blockType": "ignored"
}
-->

``` http
POST /deviceManagement/virtualEndpoint/cloudPCs/bulkResize
```

## Request headers

|Name|Description|
|:---|:---|
|Authorization|Bearer {token}. Required.|
|Content-Type|application/json. Required.|

## Request body

In the request body, supply a JSON representation of the parameters.

The following table shows the parameters that can be used with this action.

|Property|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|

> |cloudPcIds|String collection|The identifier id of a set of Cloud PC.|

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
|cloudPcIds|String collection|The Cloud PC id list for selected Cloud PC devices to be set as pending resize.|
```

> |cloudPcIds|String collection|The Cloud PC id list for selected Cloud PC devices to be set as pending resize.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|cloudPcIds|String collection|The list of Cloud PC ids that contain the selected Cloud PC devices that will be marked as pending to be resized.|
```

> |targetServicePlanId|String|The identifier id of targeted resized service plan.|

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
|targetServicePlanId|String|The target service plan id of the resize configuration with new vCPU and storage size.|
```

> |cloudPcIds|String collection|The list of Cloud PC ids that contain the selected Cloud PC devices that will be marked as pending to be resized.|

Reviewer 2: Would it be accurate to revise the description as: "A list of the IDs for the Cloud PC devices that are to be resized."

> |targetServicePlanId|String|The target service plan id of the resize configuration with new vCPU and storage size.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|targetServicePlanId|String|The target service plan ID refers to the configuration for resizing, including the desired number of virtual CPUs (vCPU) and storage size.|
```

> |targetServicePlanId|String|The target service plan ID refers to the configuration for resizing, including the desired number of virtual CPUs (vCPU) and storage size.|

Reviewer 2: Delete the first part of the description that repeats the name of the property and start with "The configuration...".
